Intro docs reorg (#510)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/getting_started/basic_functionality.rst

==================
Managing Resources
==================

The Citrine python client can create, read, update, and delete resources.
This document describes those mechanics in general terms, without assuming a knowledge of what the resources are.

In general, for every resource type there is a corresponding collection.

> For example, a :class:`Project Collection <citrine.resources.project.ProjectCollection>` contains :class:`Projects <citrine.resources.project.Project>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a :class:`~citrine.resources.project.ProjectCollection` contains :class:`Projects <citrine.resources.project.Project>`.
```

Generally, the collection is used to perform create/read/update/delete actions on the resources.
This pattern is illustrated in the examples below.

Creating
--------

> To locally create a resource, initialize it as you would any other python object. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a local resource, initialize it as you would any other python object. For example,
```

^^^^

List returns an iterator of every resource in a collection.
To list every design space in the project ``uv_absorbing_glasses``, use the command:

.. code-block:: python

    uv_absorbing_glasses.design_spaces.list()

Updating
--------

The ``update`` command updates an object. The following code creates and persists
a process spec ``sintering`` to a dataset ``tungsten_dataset``, then updates it locally
and persists that update.

.. code-block:: python

    sintering = tungsten_dataset.register(ProcessSpec(name="Sinter a powder"))
    sintering.notes = "Forgot to add notes!"

>     tungsten_dataset.update(sintering)

Author: `Update` is defined as the top `Collection` level: https://github.com/CitrineInformatics/citrine-python/blob/master/src/citrine/_rest/collection.py#L105, from which data object collections inherit. But that doesn't necessarily mean it works.

>     tungsten_dataset.update(sintering)

Author: `Update` does not work for GEMD object collections, which I would say is a bug. It should do something functional, both for programming reasons (the function _is_ defined for GEMD object collections) and logical reasons (`update` is something that people expect). Options:
1. Call register, which is the simplest and dumbest way to update a data object
2. Throw an exception, telling the user to call `async_update` (or perhaps `register`, depending on what they want to do)
3. Call `async_update`, wait for it to finish, then get the updated data object

What do you suggest? I could implement it, but would rather

^^^^

List returns an iterator of every resource in a collection.
To list every design space in the project ``uv_absorbing_glasses``, use the command:

.. code-block:: python

    uv_absorbing_glasses.design_spaces.list()

Updating
--------

The ``update`` command updates an object. The following code creates and persists
a process spec ``sintering`` to a dataset ``tungsten_dataset``, then updates it locally
and persists that update.

.. code-block:: python

    sintering = tungsten_dataset.register(ProcessSpec(name="Sinter a powder"))
    sintering.notes = "Forgot to add notes!"
    tungsten_dataset.update(sintering)

Deleting
--------

> Resources can generally be deleted with the ``delete`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most resources can be deleted with the ``delete`` command.
```
Is it most? I'm just guessing here.

Author: Depends on how you're counting. It works for data objects, datasets, and files, but not for modules and workflows.

> However many resources are needed by other resources, and so deleting them is tricky.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However some resources are needed by other resources, and deleting these intertwined objects is tricky.
```
I found this sentence a bit confusing. I'm not sure this suggestion is great, but maybe something along these lines.
